(upbeat music)
- Nothing is more expensive than bad information.
Know the source, oneradionetwork.com.
- Well, a very pleasant good morning to you.
This is Patrick Timpani.
Welcome to our second show.
Sorry we couldn't finish up the show
with Richard Massey earlier,
but somebody's internet was not happening
and we couldn't even do the audio thing,
so we had to wrap it up early.
But Dr. Peat's on the phone here,
so we should be able to venture through
regardless of what happens on the internet.
And at the very worst, we'll have the recording for you.
We're kind of doing things differently moving forward.
We've been censored and deleted from YouTube and from Vimeo
and some of the other ones are not working for us yet,
Gap or BitChute, we're trying to figure out.
And so we're just going to really focus in on the audio shows,
make sure we have those for you,
which is all the counts, right?
You know what I look like
and you know what Ray P looks like
and what does it matter?
So that's where we're heading
and we're just going to be able to deliver
good high quality shows,
and at least with the audio.
And we're playing around with some video ideas
to be able to put them up on some places
with just a slide, but be that as it may,
we are focusing on just to make sure
we have the highest quality,
the best people that could ask the best questions
so you can learn some things
about what's going on in the world
from some very interesting people like Ray P,
who you'll meet here in a minute.
Dr. Christopher Exley, he is going to be on tomorrow.
Dr. Exley probably knows more about aluminum
than most people in the world, really good guy.
Richard Lyons-Weiler, who participated
in that 13 year study in the Northwest
up near Dr. Peat, where they were really looking
at the health of unvaccinated
and vaccinated children, a great study.
And Dr. Weiler was on the show talking about it,
find it in the audio archives a couple of weeks ago.
And he suggested that mercury was one
of the real, real bugaboos in these vaccines.
I'm sorry, aluminum, aluminum.
So because of that, we contacted Dr. Exley
and he's gonna be on tomorrow.
Judy Mickiewicz is gonna be here on Wednesday.
She was involved with Fauci
and this whole HIV scam way, way back.
And she says there was never any HIV virus.
It was just all a big scam.
We'll see about that.
Charlie Sewell is gonna be here
and he'll be here also on Wednesday.
Probably have some time with this alleged inauguration.
We'll see if that happens as planned.
And there's some very strange things going on there
that you don't even wanna think about
or you'll probably learn about.
We'll see.
But anyway, Charlie is a great researcher.
I've known him for probably 20 years.
And he says there are some real specific, legal,
powerful things you can do
to hold elected officials accountable
that are invading your life in one way or another,
which is very timely these days.
And you can find out this
and you haven't heard this anywhere
on the internet anywhere,
except you'll hear it here on Wednesday.
On the third Wednesday, Monday of the month, rather,
Dr. Ray Peat is kind enough to come by.
He's a good man.
He's been around a long time,
a little over 80 revolutions around the sun.
PhD in biology, University of Oregon.
He specialized in physiology.
He taught at the University of Oregon,
a lot of different places.
He also conducted,
he does an anymore nutritional counseling, private.
He started his work with progesterone
and related hormones in '68,
and papers in physiology, chemistry, and physics, '71 and '72.
His dissertation, in the dissertation,
he outlined his ideas regarding progesterone
and the hormones closely related to it
as protectors of the body's structure and energy
against the harmful effects of estrogen,
radiation, stress, and lack of oxygen.
Pretty cool.
He has rayPeatsnewsletter.com,
rayPeatsnewsletter, gmail.com,
and we'll tell you more about that if you wanna get it.
And so he's on the phone.
Dr. Peat, a very pleasant good morning to you, sir.
- Good morning.
It's good to hear you're having actually on,
and that made me suppose that you might find someone
to talk about the adjuvant quality of the lipids
that they're using in the RNA so-called vaccine.
- The adjuvant quality of the lipids
that they're using in this so-called vaccine?
- Yeah, when I Googled the names of those lipids,
a company came up which sells supposedly
those or similar lipids as a vehicle
or a carrier medium for introducing drugs,
but they've been selling them the very same lipids
for years as adjuvants.
So it seems to me that Pfizer is using them nominally
as a mere carrier for the RNA,
but conveniently, they're lipids that function as adjuvants,
so they leave out the aluminum,
which actually we'll explain,
and put in something which is possibly even worse
for creating inflammation in the whole body.
- Well, so I should ask him about the adjuvants quality,
or the lipid quality of the adjuvants, is that right?
That's what I really wanna ask him about
to explain what he knows.
- Well, that would, the best explanation
would require a lipid specialist.
- I see.
- It's an extremely specialized branch of lipids.
I'm sure there are people who know about it
who would be glad to talk,
but I haven't even looked for those people.
- Right.
Have you been able to look at these so-called vaccines
for the corona and really determine
what could be going on here that is not good?
I mean, we're hearing reports of people getting sick
and dying, and what can you tell us
what you've seen with your research?
- It's an opportunity for Pfizer to lie and deceive.
Immediately when the doctor Gregory Michael
died of an absence of blood platelets,
after he got sick, the automatic blood analyzer
reported zero platelets, and they thought
that must be a mistake, so they counted by hand
and found one platelet in the batch instead of hundreds.
And then Pfizer said that there's no reason
to believe that there could be a connection
between failure of platelet production and vaccine,
but the government has already compensated people
for other vaccines causing that fatal disease.
And the substance PEG in other vaccines
seems to be responsible for creating the immune reaction
that kills the platelet system.
And the measles, mumps, rubella vaccine
is the one that has been most incriminating.
- Really?
So even those childhood vaccines
that they give really generously to young kids,
it's doing something negative to their platelets.
- Yeah, someone familiar with that situation says
that between one in 25,000 and one in 40,000
people vaccinated develop the platelet deficiency.
And when you have tens of millions of people vaccinated,
that starts being a lot of seriously,
often fatally damaged people.
- Yeah.
Dr. Ray Peat is here.
It is Monday morning, January 18th.
And if you'd like to ask a question,
Patrick@oneradionetwork.com,
Patrick@oneradionetwork.com.
We posted a video of Dr. Thomas Cowan, MD,
on this whole RNA stuff that's going on in these vaccines.
And I sent it to you,
and he also had some things to say about the virus
that he's still not a germ theory guy whatsoever.
I sent that to you,
and I think a lot of our listeners must have watched it.
We had it up for about a week.
Can you talk about what you think is going on with that
and value or things that you may agree or disagree
with Cowan on his video that he had up?
- I basically agree that the terrain
is the important thing.
The so-called pathogenic agent
has to find a receptive terrain.
And it happens that about 90% of current population
doesn't present a terrain for a pathogen like that to grow in.
But some of the things that affect the terrain
are vaccinations.
For example, people who've had an influenza vaccination
are much more likely to, the following year,
develop a coronavirus condition rather than influenza.
And the world figures for influenza
show a practically complete disappearance
of influenza around the world.
But the best fudged claims for effectiveness
are around 50% for the influenza vaccine.
Some of them claim higher,
but some people have pointed out
that they're changing definitions
to get that high result.
And I think it's about 10 different studies
that have shown the year after an influenza vaccination,
the incidence of corona infections
and other conditions is much higher.
So vaccines are one of the things
that prepares the terrain for the problems,
such as pneumonia.
- So you talk about the terrain
and then this corona experience.
So are you suggesting then that the person's terrain
determines whether or not they have some kind of symptoms
or some kind of illness called corona
from a virus that is in fact circulating
that can be given to one another, transport?
- Well, even that isn't very clear
because they haven't done thorough studies of coronaviruses.
It might be common cold viruses
from the people have had repeatedly over the years.
And like a common cold,
there have been very few people
who caught the apparent coronavirus twice,
but that's like one in a million.
It isn't as interactive
as the common cold by that appearance.
- Yeah.
One of the videos that Dr. Kammen talked about,
he suggested there'd been time and time again
that they've actually tried to,
to Dr. Peat exchange say snot or saliva
of somebody with flu symptoms
and putting it into another person.
And they've never really been able
to make it appear in that person.
- Yeah.
With influenza,
I think the studies I know of were in animals
and in lab cultures.
So they can clearly demonstrate
that it transfers from one animal to another.
They don't want to give the full influenza
to a person,
but with human cells in culture,
they can also get infection from the same virus
that they're transmitting from one animal to another.
- In culture, and Kammen argues though,
just because it's in culture in a plate
doesn't mean it happens between humans.
- No, it isn't absolute proof.
That's very rare anywhere in science.
- Is there a proof about anything in science
that we know for sure?
- No, the practical aspect
is the best we have.
Not absolute logical truth,
the way Fauci and almost everyone in government
is treating science as an absolute all or none.
They have disproved this and proved that.
That is all magic
or some kind of cult rather than science.
- You know, we've heard this term, Koch's postulates,
that you really can't absolutely prove
that somebody died from something,
these Koch's postulates.
They're similar, aren't they, Dr. Peat,
to some kind of four or five different
really logical things that have to transpire
to prove that somebody died from something?
- It's never possible to absolutely prove
what someone died from.
- Really, never?
- They might have...
When a person is in a weak condition,
just a slight change of temperature
might be enough to be the actual cause of death.
- Wow.
- Or you could choose any of the things
that contributed to the loss of energy in their system.
Hypothyroidism has almost always involved
weakness of the adrenal system,
a bias in the pituitary,
all kinds of nutritional deficiencies or excesses
will contribute to the energy weakness
and could be focused on as the cause of death.
So if you look at 1,000 people,
you could pick out big groups of people
dying from a particular nutritional deficiency
or hypothyroidism or insufficient adrenal steroids.
The existing low body temperature
from multiple failures of metabolism,
things that can be repaired,
that simple low body temperature
creates inflammatory reactions
that look just like the reaction you get
from a virus or some bacteria and so on.
So simply a low body temperature,
maybe because you didn't eat at the normal time
and then a cold wind blew through,
that will kill lots of people.
- Isn't that interesting?
You know, in a way, some of these old period piece movies,
you know, in the 15th, 16th, 1700s,
actually alluded to that a little bit,
where somebody could really get sick
and possibly even die from getting overchilled
and things like that.
It's almost like they were kind of onto this kind of stuff
long ago.
- Absolutely.
- That's interesting.
- And in the 19th century,
inflammation of the bowel was a very common cause of death.
- And what would be that, just bad food and overeating?
- Yeah, bad microbe culture in your intestine.
- The WHO is out, and on record,
I saw the video saying that anybody who was test positive
for this COVID and they die,
then that's put down as a COVID death.
And all indications are that the PCR test,
as we've talked about in previous shows,
is just not accurate, could be way, way off.
Go ahead.
- They were not only instructed to list COVID virus
as cause of death,
they were paid out of the government compensation fund.
If they diagnosed the infection,
they would get, I think it was $14,000 support
from the government.
If they had to intubate the person
because of slightly low oxygen pressure or saturation,
they would get $48,000.
And so hospitals were not only instructed
to diagnose cause of death,
they were paid to incline them
toward diagnosing the COVID as cause of death.
That whole period, the supposed huge spike
of a large, there was a very high proportion
of the people in hospitals getting intubated and dying,
just as was known would happen.
After three or four days of intubation,
there was very little chance of recovering.
One doctor very early in the process
helped bring intubation to an end for COVID.
He showed that in the hospital,
he caused to use a very simple nasal cannula
to provide oxygen when needed.
There was zero mortality from COVID pneumonia.
- Really?
- In an adjacent high quality hospital
that was following the World Health and CDC recommendations
had 60% mortality, absolute night and day difference
just from using intubation.
- Now what's the word, the ink?
- Putting a tube with forced oxygen into their lungs.
- Down the throat or just directly into the lung?
- Yeah, directly into the lung, down the throat.
And to do that, they have to paralyze their muscles
and anesthetize them.
Two basic, very serious drugs
that have to be given constantly
to keep them from waking up
and trying to reject the tube.
- So I guess, oh, go ahead, go ahead.
- One patient who happened to be an addict
and wasn't anesthetized because he was so insensitive to it,
he woke up and pulled the tube out.
He was the only one that survived the process
in that hospital.
His health was worse, but because he pulled his tube out,
he was able to survive.
- Wow, so I guess big picture of Dr. Peat,
it's almost, see if I'm close on this,
when somebody leaves their body, or we call dying,
there could be innumerable things contributing
to this loss of energy.
And do you really, it's not like you could ever
really pinpoint, say, well, he died of a heart attack
or he died of this or that.
It's almost like the person, it was almost like
it was their time to go and their body was failing
a little here, a little here, a little here.
You know what I'm saying?
Does that make sense at all to you,
or what I'm kind of saying?
- Have you heard of the voodoo deaths?
- Voodoo deaths?
No. - Yeah, a person
makes the voodoo priest or priestess angry,
or they might have been bribed by someone
to tell them that they have put a spell on them,
person in perfect health, and the person will be convinced
that they have been affected by the voodoo principle,
and they'll just wither away and die within a few days.
- So that's real.
I mean, when we believe something like that.
- Yeah, and I'm sure something like that goes on
as soon as you get a diagnosis of a fatal heart disease
or cancer. - Cancer, sure.
There's no way to really calculate or to analyze
and know exactly for each soul of how much
their belief of what they think they have is affecting them,
and we just wouldn't know.
That's more of a spiritual thing, right?
- Yeah, and lots of people don't know they're sick
until they get the diagnosis and then they feel very sick.
- George, you have cancer.
Wait a minute, I feel great.
- Really, that happens very often.
- Wow, so then there's no way of calculating,
Dr. Ray Peat, on this corona experience
of how much fear or angst or worry is going on with people
who do get a positive test, and we know how accurate that is
and what their experience is after that.
- And since they stopped the mandatory
power respiration, which destroys the lungs
after about three or four days,
in a healthy person, if there was any reason to do it,
animal studies show that, first, oxygen treatment
of their lungs destroys the lungs and kills them.
But as soon as that process was ended
because of the evidence between hospitals,
using it and avoiding it, as soon as that process ended,
there is no visible excess mortality.
I don't know whether last month I mentioned
Genevieve Briand at Johns Hopkins.
- Kind of sounds familiar, Genevieve Briand.
- She did a statistical study and her figures
based all on the CDC numbers show no excess mortality
for the period she analyzed.
- When they took them off of the ventilator?
No excess, yeah.
- For the whole year, even including the ventilator time,
she shows that the very CDC figures show
no, nothing really happened in the way of a pandemic
over the whole population.
- Oh, comparing it to past years and such.
Comparing it to past death rates and such.
- Yeah, and her, as soon as someone noticed
that a lot of people were reading the article,
Johns Hopkins canceled their website
and is still available on other websites
and there's a good analysis of her article
on a statistical site called
The Censorship of Genevieve Briand.
- Wow, and you can Google that?
- Yeah, I don't have their address, but--
- That's okay, The Censorship of Genevieve Briand,
and how do you spell Genevieve's last name?
- B-R-I-A-N-D-E.
- Oh, B-R-I-A-N-D, Briand, oh, interesting.
- I think there's an E on the end.
- And she published through Johns Hopkins
and they just canceled the whole thing or censored it.
- Yeah, she's a professor there, but in another subject,
and so they said it wasn't proper
to have an opinion on statistics.
- I wonder if we could reach her,
if she'd be fun to get on, if she could come on,
we'd see, I mean, I'll check it out.
So you think she's still there at Johns Hopkins?
- Oh, yeah, yeah.
She's an economist, very familiar with statistics,
so I don't think there's any criticism of her method.
And the people, it's another economics website
that I think published the article,
the censorship of Briand.
- We had a fellow on the other day, Ralph Moss,
he's written four, five, six books
on the politics in Cancer Incorporated,
and he used to work for this big hospital
in the upper Midwest, oh, the name's escaping me,
a real, the premier cancer kind of place,
it'll come to me, but he came across work
with Laetrile many years ago and was virtually
his job because he wanted to put that out.
- Yeah, I followed all of that in detail.
- Did you?
- Yeah, I would listen to the defenses
of an Indiana University professor, whose name I forget,
and Ernst, Jr., the promoter,
that they switched substances in the middle
of the controversy of the cancer,
I got some of what they said was Laetrile.
So the whole thing was based on the theory
of a very specific substance,
ending, the name of it ends with glucuronide,
and what they began sending out,
because it was cheap, was the similar molecule,
but ending in glucose, and very different systems
work on the glucose and the glucuronide forms
of the molecule, and the glucuronide,
as theorized by Krebs, Sr., it was tested in Israel
by Dr. Rubens, I don't remember his full name,
and found to be very effective,
but when they found that they could get away
with selling the glucose form, which is very cheap,
the glucuronide form is very expensive,
and so the substance most people were getting
was not at all Laetrile, it was the glucose form
of the molecule.
- Wow, that's fascinating.
- And what was his name, the,
the researcher you mentioned?
- Moss?
- Moss, yeah, he was observing the actual effects
of the real stuff, and after that,
most of the studies used only the false material,
including fairly early in 1968,
what he sent me from Canada, the producer,
was the glucose form, not at all what I had intended
to use in my experiment, but it came without a label,
and it didn't work at all like the actual Laetrile
should work, and so a person at a college in Oregon
had it analyzed and found that it was not Laetrile at all,
it was the glucose form, and so I started putting out
that information, it didn't have the biological effect
it should have on my mice, and I couldn't see any reason
why it would act like Laetrile, because it wasn't,
and as that information got around,
these two people were the main propagandists,
and listening to their presentation,
they carefully evaded the fact that the,
one that they were selling, poisons the intestine
incurably before it gets around to having any activity
against the cancer, so these people were creating
a tendency for sepsis by poisoning the intestine,
and not even having a possible effect
on the cancer itself.
- Oh man, oh, fascinating.
Dr. Ray Peat is here, stay right there, sir,
we're gonna do a break, Patrick Timpone.
I've just been notified, we're having, for some reason,
we have, I don't know what's going on,
issues with the actual audio stream, believe it or not,
and I don't know why that is, I don't even know,
it's just hard to tell you what's going on,
but we're recording it, we have all that,
and you're gonna have the whole recording of Dr. Peat
I can see if I can do something here in the meantime,
but you can click on the video, the front page,
and you can hear the audio there, but we're working on it,
so sorry for the issue.
Previously with Peter Ragnar, who's a great example
of staying young and healthy,
we asked him what kinds of things he takes.
- Personally, for myself, I look at all of the supplements
that help bolster and harmonize my hormones,
and this is both for men and for women,
and when you go online, there's so much information
about that out there, I've actually, I heard on
one of your advertisements there, Patrick,
about the pine pollen.
I personally take pine pollen, which is,
I think it's an amazing product,
has an amazing effect upon the body.
- Peter, it's one of our favorites, too.
Pine pollen, any of these are Thrival Links,
you have the Pine Pollen Pure Potency,
Pine Pollen Gold, and if you'd like to get it every month,
the auto ship is the best price.
Also, Steven Buehner's book, exclusively on pine pollen,
is right there on the site, too, Daniel's site.
Right here on oneradionetwork.com.
Dr. Patrick Flanagan has been regarded
as one of the most important scientists
in the last 50 years.
We talked to him about sulfur.
- There's a product called organic sulfur,
and organic sulfur was put into trade
in 1865 as organic sulfur.
Some people call it MSM, or methyl sulfonylmethane,
but most of the MSM in health food stores
have been contaminated with a kind of silica
that prevents its absorption by the body.
But anyway, what happens is that if you take
a tablespoon of MSM of the organic sulfur
in hot water in the morning,
and a tablespoon in the afternoon,
it sulfates 192 different compounds,
heavy metals from the periodic table.
And once it sulfates them,
I'm talking about radioactive elements and other things,
once it sulfates them,
these sulfates cannot stay in the human body
for more than 12 hours.
- And what Dr. Flanagan just mentioned
is one of the key reasons why our sulfur
is different from most out there,
Amazon, no matter where you go,
because it's pure.
Click and order, front page, oneradionetwork.com.
Would you like a discount?
Just email me, four ponds or more,
at discountpatrick@oneradionetwork.com.
Otherwise, two pound orders,
United States, Canada, worldwide, three prices.
Click and order, oneradionetwork.com.
(upbeat music)
- Nothing is more expensive than bad information.
Know the source, oneradionetwork.com.
- Okay, well I just checked the play button on my computer
and it's coming up there.
So I'm not sure what's going on for some people.
Don't know what to, I don't know what to tell you,
but we have more than one, so something's going on.
Yeah, well, it's, you know, life on planet Earth.
We're with Dr. Ray Peat, who's,
we're very proud to have him on,
on once a month, on the third Monday of the month,
that now we're doing it, and a little hour later,
about 10.30 central time.
I'm sorry, 11.30 central time,
and so if you have a question for him,
let me know if,
if you can hear it okay through the play button.
I don't know what's going on, but we'll just continue.
Well, Dr. Peat, do you think,
before we take some emails, do you,
wait a minute, I gotta get my, turn my microphone on.
Okay, we're back here with you, thanks.
So Dr. Peat, do you think,
in general, the thyroid thing
that you're such a specialist,
it's kind of one of the,
on the top of the list that folks should really
maybe pay attention to when they're not feeling
as well as they can, or?
- The, one of the important functions of thyroid
is to lower the body's estrogen absolute content
and its ratio to the androgens like DHEA and progesterone.
And one of the important ways of getting rid of estrogen
is to attach sulfuric acid to it.
And so sulfation is probably the biggest
single route of disposing of estrogen.
But simply by keeping your body temperature up,
all of the good effects of thyroid
are likely to be activated.
So even keeping your body warm artificially,
avoiding chilling from extreme exposure
and fatiguing amount of chilling,
even artificial heating reduces
some of the estrogenic effects.
For example, the ears of a rabbit
are much cooler than the core body temperature.
And a researcher, knowing of that,
that the ovaries are somehow kept cooler
than the adrenaline body temperature tissues.
In a very short space,
the temperature of the ovary
can be a whole degree Celsius lower
than the adrenaline tissue.
No one knows how that cooling, where the heat goes,
but structural changes of water in the blood
coming in, for example, are the only mechanism
that I know that could account for that cooling.
But anyway, this researcher,
aware of the low temperature of the ovaries
and the low temperature of rabbit's ears,
injected some ovarian, small pieces of the ovary tissue
into the skin of the rabbit's ear.
And those animals went into constant estrus,
a premature aging,
but with an exaggerated constant level
of estrogen production.
So carefully avoiding a low body temperature
is extremely important to keep a healthy balance
of the hormones.
- Wow, wow, wow, wow.
So, bottom line for you,
the TSH number along with your body temperature,
those are two of the things you wanna,
our people can really look at and see?
- Yeah, some of the beliefs about pH
were absolutely reversed when they were able to use MRI
for measuring intracellular pH.
Cancer, following Varberg's observation
that all cancers produce lactic acid.
People noticed that yes, all tumors
have a high concentration of lactic acid and low pH.
And so that led to the idea that baking soda, for example,
raising the pH might help avoid
or cure cancer.
But it turns out that the intracellular pH of cancer
is always higher.
And that should have been known way back
in the 40s or 50s because when a cell forms lactic acid
from pyruvic acid, it absorbs protein
and so raises the pH in the cell.
And the removal of lactic acid from the cell
is exactly a removal of acid from the cell,
making the cell less acidic, more alkaline.
And it turns out that when you eat baking soda,
it does alkalinize your blood,
but the brain tissue in particular
and muscle and other tissues are acidified
by taking baking soda because the carbon dioxide
component of the bicarbonate quickly,
enzymes convert bicarbonate to carbon dioxide
in a gaseous form which is soluble in cell material.
So just by solubility, it tends to stay inside the cell,
acidifying the cell.
And so some of the, if people were just more careful
about doing their chemistry and observing
what the enzymes are doing, all along they should have known
that cancer was an intracellular alkaline shift.
And the baking soda, although alkaline in itself,
turns to carbon dioxide and acidifies the cell.
- Very well, well done.
Ray P., Patrick Timpone.
It seems like the audio file is streaming okay now
and I don't know what was going on,
but we have the recording,
so you're gonna have the whole show with Dr. Peat,
so not to worry.
But if you have a question, patrick@oneradionetwork.com,
patrick@oneradionetwork.com.
This is from Kelly.
I'm still a little confused on this whole coronavirus thing.
Can Dr. Peat just give us a simple explanation
of what he thinks is truly going on with this,
with the deaths and the testing, in his opinion?
- What's known is that Fauci himself instructed
all the testers to use the PCR process
running the cycle more than 40 times,
although it has been known that above 30 to 33 cycles,
it produces more and more false positives.
The instruction went out all across the country
to use a process of testing known to produce
an extreme excess of false positives.
So right on the surface, anyone should infer
that they wanted to have as many apparent positive results
as they could to justify that there was a pandemic.
And now, if the vaccine comes into
a fairly widespread use, all they have to do
is instruct the testers to properly use the test
with maybe 30 or 32 cycles,
and they will discover that the virus has disappeared.
- Yeah, that's well said.
I think it seems like that's the plan,
not to be too much of a tinfoil hat guy, Dr. Peat,
but who would know, right?
They could just say, "Oh, the vaccine."
But then, aren't there people out there right now,
even WHO and other people,
saying that just because you're vaccinated
doesn't mean you can't get this thing or share it?
I mean, the whole thing is such a mess.
- Yeah, and Pfizer, I think they have something
like 40,000 pages of data
about what their so-called vaccine has done.
They released 400 pages, and an editor of BMJ,
the British medical journal, Peter Doshi,
I think is his name, he analyzed the data he could find
that was released to the public.
And from his calculation,
and he's been working on vaccines,
particularly for 10 years,
his analysis showed that from 19 to 29,
99% according to Pfizer's data
were protected by the vaccine.
Not at all the 95% or 69% or whatever they announced
publicly, but they don't want to release
the full set of data because that would spoil
the whole plot.
- The whole thing, wow.
Are you amazed that whoever they are
have been able to pull this thing off
at such a grand, global scale?
After all your many years looking at the ins and outs
of people in science and so-called science,
is this surprising to you that they've been able
to pull this off like this?
- A little bit, but I've been watching
the whole education indoctrination process
for 50 years and more.
And they have created a gullible population,
maybe at least 80% I would guess,
of absolutely gullible people when it comes
to calling something science.
Totally fail to teach critical thinking
which really should begin in grade school
what it means when someone asserts
that something is scientifically shown.
And no one functionally seems to be thinking critically
about what the government and the mass media are saying.
- A real epidemic, I think, isn't it,
from people that are just not thinking critically
about any of this.
And you say that's early on in the education
is where that starts.
- Yeah, fails to teach critical attitudes
towards anything called scientific.
- Yeah, yeah.
So it's no wonder politicians, I guess,
and governors and mayors and whoever,
that they just follow along with whatever CDC says.
- Yeah, they were educated in the same way.
- In the same way, yeah.
- They're absolutely gullible when it comes
to Fauci or someone else,
an unhealthy person in a white coat saying something.
- And we're seeing a lot of reports now
of this new improved strain.
Have you seen this in the UK and other places?
A new strain, right?
A new one, stronger.
- Yeah, there's a website.
I looked at it when they had 3,400 variations
on the virus.
Now, here they have about 6,000 variations.
And how are they, even if there were only a few variations,
how are they gonna test to demonstrate
that one is more infectious or more deadly
than another one?
No one is doing any statistical thinking at all
regarding the claims of new strains.
- And I guess, Dr. Peat, with the massive control
of the media, and almost all of it, right,
and all the censorship going on,
like, you know, of just people that are questioning,
we've been deleted from YouTube and Vimeo and, you know,
Facebook, they have a pretty good way
of keeping this information with what they want.
- Yeah, just about, oh, 20 years ago,
they were still subsidizing shipment of books
and scholarly materials.
The post office was helping to keep people informed.
And with the internet, it momentarily looked like
this might be spreading information more widely,
but it went along with a plan to shut down the post office,
take away its funding, make it run in debt,
until finally it could be bought by UPS
or another private service,
and shifting everyone's communication to the internet,
which was taken over by companies
that were started with government,
CIA, Pentagon subsidies,
and now these corporations are acting as a,
extensions of the military and CIA,
so that when something embarrasses
those people and their intentions,
they disappear from the internet.
- Yes, I'm sure you've seen what happened with,
I guess with Amazon Web Services, Apple, and Google,
where they just wiped out Parler,
which was a huge new kind of free platform,
just wiped 'em out.
But we saw a story today where the CEO of Parler
says they're gonna be back up by the end of January.
So it's amazing to me that Amazon Web Services
have that much power and juice,
and that you have to have these kind of servers
to do this thing.
Wow, man.
Well, it's a problem when things get in,
just too few hands, I guess.
Here's an email for you, Dr. Ray Peat.
By the way, it seems solid now, all the audio,
so you're listening, you wanna have a question here,
Patrick@oneradionetwork.com.
Carolyn wants to know,
if Dr. Ray Peat experiences chemtrails
up in the Northwest where he lives,
and she does in California,
wants to know how we can get rid of these
nanoparticles in our lungs.
- I've seen very few
unusual trails
sitting out in the yard.
- Yeah, we don't see much around here either.
Hardly ever, never.
- And there's no real cure for the particle exposure.
I did a newsletter on the nanoparticles,
and they can even be absorbed through the skin,
and they're being used in lots of fabric now
as deodorants to kill microorganisms
that produce odors in dirty clothes.
But the ability to kill bacteria and fungus,
these same particles can penetrate into the bloodstream
and begin affecting our immune cells.
So it's important to be alert
about the many sources,
food additives, for example,
silica particles are probably one of the most common,
which can contain the deadly size range of particles.
And you find silica in even probably the majority
of health food supplements added as lubricant
to make the machinery run smoothly.
And even when it's not on the label.
- Lots of those are in there, right?
- Yeah, there are Teflon particles used
in a micro or nano form,
used as a machine lubricant
that doesn't have to be listed on the label
even though it gets into the food.
- Yeah, yeah, they use that silicone dioxide
to encapsulate a lot of things.
And folks, that's one of the reasons why our sulfur,
which doesn't get encapsulated is better than most
because this stuff is everywhere
and sulfur is really a kind of persnickety
and doesn't like it.
Right, Peat mentioned his newsletter
and you can get that by emailing
raypeats, plural, newsletter@gmail.com.
Sign up, very affordable.
I think it's, Dr. Peat, it's every couple months, right?
Six, seven times a year?
- Six times a year.
Ray Peat's newsletter at gmail.com
and bone up on this stuff
so you can take care of your stuff
because there's some challenging times around
so we're just doing everything we can
to thrive during these challenging times
and we're gonna do it, we'll be fine.
Stick around, we have a lot of good things
to talk about this week.
Dr. Axley tomorrow on aluminum.
Judy Mikovich and the HIV Fauci thing
and HIV and Dr. Gabriel Cousins will be by on Thursday
and German New Medicine Lady next week
and Dr. Jennifer Daniels next week.
Thanks for having Dr. Peat on, says Benjamin.
I'd like to ask him to again explain fructose intolerance,
often called fructose malabsorption.
Can it be fixed and if so, how?
Thanks for all your great work, Ben.
He's in Pittsburgh.
Fructose intolerance.
- It is a new way of defining gas
and diarrhea and digestion problems
but it's usually just a bad microbial mix in the intestine.
Most of our fructose except in apples and apple juice
which contain a fairly concentrated pure fructose,
most of our fructose comes in the form of sucrose
or ordinary sugar.
And so the way it's defined is that it's a mixture
in the form of sucrose or ordinary sugar.
And it's very rare to lack the enzymes
for absorbing those.
They break down and each one can be absorbed
but if your microbial balance is out of control
then the bacteria are likely to turn fructose
into endotoxin and other bacterial toxins
and balancing the microbes.
The main thing is to increase the metabolic rate
of your intestine so that you can absorb the sugars
high up in the intestine.
- Increase the metabolic rate of your intestines?
How do you do that?
- Keeping your body temperature up.
- Keeping the body temperature up.
- And your thyroid.
- So that's back to the thyroid, right?
So if we, just for fun, say if we're keeping
our body temperature up by wearing warm clothing
and exercising, does the body realize that
as the same thing as having a happy thyroid
or you can't fake it out like that?
- The quick acting component of the thyroid
is suppressed by intense exercise
because the glucose needed to produce the glucose
to produce T3 is being consumed by the muscles
and it should bounce back an hour or two
after the exercise if your liver has stored enough
glycogen made when you have a little excess sugar.
To form glycogen and store it in the liver,
that's one of thyroid's basic functions.
Selenium, thyroid, and a source of carbohydrate
in the diet, you'll quickly replenish the liver
of glycogen which you need to maintain
a high metabolic rate.
And with that high metabolic rate,
your intestine should have finished its digestion
fairly high up.
But the lower the general metabolism,
farther down, undigested food will go.
In a very healthy person, maybe 10% of the population,
the whole small intestine system is sterile.
In another very sick, 10 or 20%,
the microbes invade the small intestine
in extreme cases, even into the stomach
by raising the pH of the stomach.
In the absence of thyroid,
you can't make enough stomach acid.
- Wow, so the stomach acid is tied with thyroid too.
Yeah, go ahead.
So then that's that small intestinal bacterial overgrowth
we hear about, SIBO.
- Yeah, yeah.
And at an extreme, the stomach becomes alkaline
and bacteria such as H. pylori
then thrive because they're alkaline loving.
And some people will even develop a brewery
containing yeast all the way up into their stomach
so that if they eat carbohydrate,
they'll have alcohol in their breath.
That's all because of a very slow metabolic rate.
So normalizing, optimizing your thyroid
is going to give you a sterile stomach and small intestine.
And the bacteria will live almost exclusively in the colon.
- Which is where we want it, right?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, which is, wow.
Then connecting the dots between a low thyroid
and low stomach acid, I mean, who'd have thunk it, right?
I mean, you could chase after that for years
with giving HCL or other things
or even apple cider vinegar.
And would that just be symptomatic then,
even if you have a low thyroid, to keep things going?
Giving HCL or vinegar or stuff like that?
- Yeah, they used to sell glass straws
with actual hydrochloric acid.
- No kidding.
- For such things to sip it without dissolving your teeth.
But what they sell now is usually butane.
- Butane, right.
- Hydrochloric.
And the butane itself seriously affects
your cyanine metabolism, your methyl processes.
And so it can have very unexpected side effects.
- You don't want to do that, huh?
Take HCL.
- Too much methyl addition going on.
- Dr. Ray Peat is with us.
Patrick Timpone, OneRadioNetwork.com.
Does Dr. Peat have any ideas, actually,
of how I can get rid of sciatica?
I've been to the chiropractor
and I just haven't been able to make it go away.
- More than 100 years ago,
I think approaching 200 years ago,
a few doctors were curing sciatica almost always
by using a good laxative, Fibra and Furgis,
because the colon, when it's very overloaded,
stuffed, it becomes so heavy,
especially over the left leg, but it can affect both.
It becomes so heavy it sits on and pressurizes,
damages by too much pressure,
the nerve conduction to the leg.
And I've seen people do that.
Just take a few days of strong laxatives
and a good Fibra and the leg pains disappear.
- That's amazing.
Good job.
Stay right there, Doc.
We're gonna take a short break here
before we wrap it up with you.
Dr. Ray Peat, we're live here January 18th.
Dr. Chris Hexley, probably the foremost authority
on aluminum tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
Judy Mickovich, Wednesday.
Dr. Gabriel Cousins on Thursday
about some spiritual stuff.
If you'd like to get a very, very nice aloe product
to help keep things moving,
boy, aloe's a very, very good thing
to keep the colon clean and that,
and you can get a fresh, frozen aloe vera product
on our website.
You'll see it right there on the website.
And it comes in frozen and you just thaw it out
and you pour it in a glass
and put it back in the freezer
and then thaw it out some more.
And that's how you do it.
And it's very, very good.
There's no preservatives whatsoever.
It's just been frozen.
Probably the best way to do it
other than have your own plant at home.
And boy, it's very powerful.
It tastes great.
And you can just slug it down.
And I think the minimum of two,
and just look on the website for the aloe product there.
And I think you'll have a good experience with it.
I order them two and three times.
Not that it matters what I do,
but I use it a lot.
And it's just so magical for everything in your gut.
It's 100% pure, fresh, frozen aloe vera gel,
stocked in aloe one, minimum of two.
And it's a wonderful, wonderful product.
This conversation goes back seven years
with Dr. Patrick Flanagan.
Listen.
- And then I discovered that HUNZA water
also contained negative ionized hydrogen,
which is a source of biological electrons.
When we're young, we have enzymes in our body
called dehydrogenase.
And the purpose of dehydrogenase
is to lift off hydrogen ions from the foods we eat.
And their purpose is to create NADH,
which is a chemical that acts as a shuttle
in the mitochondria for producing
all the energy in our body, adenosine triphosphate.
And when people take this, it causes DNA repair.
It heals the body from all kinds of oxygen-free radicals.
It also helps the body recover from damage from radiation.
- Well, we certainly want some of this stuff, right?
Check out our AquaCure machine.
AquaCure machine on oneradionetwork.com.
Lifetime warranty.
And along with the lifetime warranty,
a one-year, no questions asked, money-back guarantee.
If you don't like your results,
breathe the gas, bubble the water.
Listen to what Dr. Flanagan has to say
about this and others.
The AquaCure machine on oneradionetwork.com.
Use promo code OneRadio, 10% discount.
- Indeed, this is one of the greatest,
I mean, I love breathing it.
I'm working on my screenplay and book downstairs.
Breathe it a lot at night if I watch a film or read.
And I just keep feeling better and better and better.
I do a lot of good things because of advice
from people like Adam Bergstrom and Dr. Ray Peat
and others, but I think it's really key
in my health, improving with the antioxidant
kind of thing.
Check it out on our website, oneradionetwork.com.
(upbeat music)
- From the Hill Country in Texas,
this is oneradionetwork.com.
- Dr. Ray Peat, his website is rayPeat,
isn't it, let me see, what's your website?
Oh, I got it right here, I'm sorry.
RayPeat.com, sometimes I get confused.
RayPeat.com.
Here's a good one, Nancy wants to know,
"Dr. Peat, does sugar always feed cancer?"
- Not always, but it's a preferred food.
But the problem is that the body normally
has trouble producing and delivering enough
sugar to the tumor.
In one experiment with a tumor isolated to the leg
where they could control, put a huge amount
amount of glucose into the artery feeding the tumor,
they found that they could create so much
lactic acid production by the tumor
that it killed itself.
A very, very high amount of glucose that took,
which you couldn't do to the whole body.
And when the tumor experiences hypoglycemia internally,
which it always does, low oxygen leads to
the increased need for sugar.
When the body experiences that,
once the tumor becomes a self-sustaining,
self-replicating, noticeable thing,
that signals the whole body, turns on the adrenal glands
and starts converting our tissue proteins
to glucose or amino acids.
And at that point, you're losing ground
because when you can't provide enough glucose
from either your food or your stored glycogen,
then the body has to start feeding the tumor amino acids
and the tumor can live very well,
perfectly on amino acids and on fat.
When there's not enough glucose,
the tumor will thrive on pure amino acids and fatty acids.
And so the worst thing you can do
to accelerate death from a tumor
is to starve the cancer for glucose.
- The worst thing you can do?
- Yeah.
- Wow.
So, since hanging around with you a little bit,
I've not been nearly as uncomfortable
about having some sugar.
I have some organic beet sugar, Dr. Peat,
that I use with maybe raw goat's milk
and I'll heat it up a little bit
with the organic sugar even at night.
And I do fine sleeping.
I wonder, so I thought about it,
I wonder what the difference is when moms say,
"Well, if you give kids candy before bed,
"they'll never sleep,"
or, "The kids get all wound up on sugar."
And why that's not affecting me like that.
- No, if they ate enough sugar,
they would get wound down.
Sugar is even a mild anesthetic for a baby.
Getting injections and such,
dose of sucrose is demonstrably calming
and actually stops the pain
and it lowers adrenaline.
So, it's actually not getting enough sugar
that makes kids get hyperactive.
The immediate effect of the sugar is quieting.
- That's crazy.
That's amazing.
I'm sure the moms are listening now going,
"Oh, wait a minute, come on, could that be true?"
- And something similar happens in diabetes.
The definition of diabetes is that you can't use glucose.
- Right.
- And so the cells are starving for sugar.
And in that state of starvation for sugar,
they increase the stress hormones, cortisol and others,
and start turning the body protein into glucose
or using it as the amino acids
and start burning fatty acids from storage.
And that doesn't help the body.
Provide enough glucose to the cells
because the cells have been,
something is blocking their ability to use the glucose.
So, the traditional death from diabetes
involved extremely rapid weight loss,
eating your muscles,
producing a high sugar content of the urine.
Even if you hadn't had any sugar for weeks,
you would still be producing sugar in your urine
at the expense of body tissue.
And that was why diabetes was always quickly fatal.
- Fascinating, wow.
- And two experimenters tried not depriving
their patients of sugar.
They called it the sugar disease, the saccharin disease.
And so doctors thought if it's a sugar disease,
they should not feed sugar.
But that inevitably led to death by wasting.
And two doctors decided what's the point
of restricting sugar?
Why not let them have as much as they crave
if they're going to die from converting their body to sugar?
So they found that they craved about 12 ounces a day.
And when they ate a normal diet
and were allowed to have 12 ounces or so
of purified, ordinary white sugar in addition,
their patients recovered quickly.
- Interesting.
In general, if we're gonna have, say,
a piece of fish and a vegetable at night,
is it helpful to also have a little bit of a carb
or a little potato or rice or something?
- Yeah, before bedtime.
Hot flashes, people have found that a lot of carbohydrate,
I think they used cornstarch or rice or something like that,
they found they could stop night sweats and hot flashes
just by giving them a very big dose of carbohydrate.
- Carbohydrate.
Have you ever heard about the idea of the rice diet
where you just eat white rice, I think,
until your illness goes away?
Do you think there's anything to that?
I mean, that's a whole thing out there.
- Yeah, I think it's closely related
to what those two doctors demonstrated,
that your body can have very high requirements
for sugar when it's under stress.
- Oh, I see.
- If you really meet those high needs,
you can turn off the stress and that ends the disease.
- Oh, because the person has kind of let go
of whatever is kind of stressful
and then the disease will kind of work itself out.
- Yeah.
Dr. Peat, how do we stop the medical police state
from taking over the world?
Even Lillich gave up in 2002,
saying it was not possible anymore.
What do you think?
- What happened?
- Stopping the medical police state
from taking over the world.
- It already has taken control,
so it's a matter of working our way out of it.
All kinds of dropout systems would be helpful.
- Dr. Peat, what do you suggest for someone on insulin
because of diagnosed diabetes with ketoacidosis
and high 1,5-0 fasting blood glucose,
adding carbs makes it higher.
Should one continue with insulin
while following your recommendations?
- A couple of people have done it half-heartedly.
No one tried the 12 ounces a day thing
because of fear of hyperglycemia in itself.
And usually you will stop the acidosis and ketosis
just by letting your blood sugar go higher
than it's supposed to be.
- I see.
How can you tell if you need ACV,
apple cider vinegar, or HCL?
- Those can help to acidify your stomach,
but they are very unlikely to be the whole solution
if you don't get your thyroid going.
- If you don't get Mr. Thyroid happy.
Here's another one for you.
This is interesting from Carol.
Is iodine deficiency the cause of the thinning of hair shaft?
What can I do to thicken it?
I'm a girl, vanity-driven, and it drives me to be healthier.
Okay, so she got thinning.
Is iodine, is that part?
- In the 1970s in the US,
there was a study of a large population
and they found that almost all Americans
were getting too much iodine from iodized salt
and the use of iodized salt in preparing foods and so on.
And that would indicate that an excess of iodine
nowadays for most people is the problem.
- An excess, wow.
- I've got about 70 some references
showing on big population studies
that as little as half a milligram a day
of added iodine or dietary iodine total
was enough to cause long-range cumulative
deterioration of the thyroid gland.
- Ooh, but all these people out there
recommending iodine for hypothyroid people, right?
I mean, there's a lot of that going around.
- Wow, yeah.
So if we're using like a Celtic or you know,
those sea salt, like Celtic or one of those,
there's enough iodine in there that's all we need?
- Yeah. - Okay.
- Possibly more than enough.
I haven't seen the exact amount,
but definitely iodized salt because of the other foods
which now have added iodized salt
is in the United States and Europe at least,
it's creating an excess.
There are still places in central China
and the Andes that are very deficient in iodine.
- Interesting.
Ruth wants to know, can you please ask Dr. Peat
what he thinks of strophanthesis,
the herb for the heart.
Do you know that one, Dr., S-T-R-O-P-H-A-N-T-H-U-S?
- Say the word strophanthesis?
- Strophanthesis, S-T-R-O-P-H-A-N-T-H-U-S.
- I don't know what that--
- Yeah, I think it's a Brazilian herb
that I think even Dr. Townes,
I think he uses it for heart people,
but if you're not familiar with it, understandable.
Dr. Peat, from Antonio,
I started taking Sinoplus three months ago
when I determined my temperature was always low
regardless of what I took.
I recently had a lab test
and the results of my Free T3 was 4.7.
My temperature is still a bit low,
but I do not feel I have symptoms of hyperthyroidism.
Should I be concerned about the high Free T3 score?
- No, part of the lab norm for T3
is because of the widespread use of things
like pure T4 supplements,
Synthroid for example, L-thyroxine,
or iodine supplementation.
I think it's better to look at your TSH.
It should be well below 1.0.
- Wow, well below that.
So if your TH was one, two, three, or four,
would you keep taking something like an H-athroid
or which has all the T3s and T4s together
until it gets down there?
- Yeah.
- And how long do you have to take it
before you would recheck?
- Oh, check your temperature every day.
- Okay, but I mean, as far as the lab,
how long would you say,
well, I'm on 60 milligrams and maybe I need 120.
How long would you go before you tested the TSH?
- I would rely on symptoms and temperature.
- Symptoms and temperature, okay.
- Your heart rate should get up consistently to,
I would say at least 80 during the daytime
and your temperature should be at least 98.6.
- At least 98.6, right.
Do you think that those thermometer things
you put on your forehead,
do you think they're accurate?
- I can't see how they could be accurate
if the air temperature is, say, 40 degrees outside
or 110 degrees.
Your skin just can't compensate.
- Just can't figure it out, huh?
Yeah.
Well, it's fast and easy,
so you just get an old-fashioned,
I guess, mercury thermometer.
You can still find them
and they're the most accurate, I guess.
- Yeah, the most accurate,
but a quick and easy thing is the eardrum thermometer.
- Oh, let me see.
I don't know about those.
So is that something you stick all the way in your ear?
- No, it's an infrared from the eardrum
and it has to be aimed just right,
so you should take two or three readings at a time.
- How do you know if it's just right?
I mean, when you stick it, it's as dark down there.
- Just try aiming it in different directions
and you'll see a certain feel
will give you repeated higher temperature.
- I'm sorry, I lost you there.
A certain--
- A certain feeling.
If it's aimed sideways,
it's getting the canal temperature from the skin.
- And not the eardrum, right?
- But the eardrum is very close to the brain temperature
and I've noticed that a different kind of mental activity
will make either my right ear or the left ear hotter.
- That's great.
It's always something here.
Couple more for you before we let you go.
Dr. Peat, this is from Chris in Canada.
What do you think of cooking in pressure cookers
like meat, for example?
- It doesn't generally taste very good.
- Yeah, it really doesn't, does it?
- Quick cooking at normal pressure,
I think is the best for taste and health.
- Yeah.
Here's one for you.
How can you tell if a underactive thyroid problem
is specifically conversion from T4 to T3 within the cell
versus T4 production or transportation problem?
Could this be a minor iodine or selenium deficiency
easily remedied by adding these in micro amounts?
- Yeah, selenium, I think 100 micrograms
is a safe supplement.
And selenium is essential for the local production
in the tissue.
- Oh.
- So it's always good to try that.
But eating shellfish or seafood, halibut,
or cod or sole, for example,
will provide enough selenium
to keep your tissue supply active.
- I know you're not a big supplement fan,
but so you say that we all could maybe benefit
from 100 mg of selenium?
- Very often, yeah.
It's a safe amount.
- And then you like that Progest-Ease, right?
That one.
You think that's valuable, regular?
- Yeah, that helps the thyroid in a variety of ways.
- Any other things regularly
that people should think about?
- Enough carbohydrate in the diet is essential.
- Enough carbohydrates.
Well, great, man, we like carbs, right?
They're fun.
- Yeah, too much.
Berta Barnes himself demonstrated
that a high meat protein intake
powerfully suppressed the thyroid.
- Okay, finally, ask about the thyroid antibody test, please.
Oh, yeah, what is that about, thyroid antibody tests?
- The usual misunderstanding is that antibodies
are just destroying, causing the problem,
but antibodies are a cleanup process.
You can see the background in theory by Jamie Cunliffe
and Polly Mattsinger.
They take a different approach to the immune system.
And the real function compatible with their theory,
the real function of antibodies
is to clean up damaged tissue.
And for example, iodine intake is one thing
that damages the thyroid gland.
And eventually you'll develop antibodies
in the process of cleaning up damaged thyroid cells.
So you'll show elevation of anti-thyroid antibodies.
- But so you're saying the conventional wisdom
about the thyroid antibody test
is the antibodies are supposed to be there
and they're doing what they need to do.
- Yeah, and in the case of viral damage, for example,
the antibodies are as much cleaning up the damaged tissue
and in the process, they sort of accidentally
destroy the virus that's causing it.
And their theories, the whole process of immunity
is based on a cleanup maintenance system
in which the so-called pathogen
get involved and be destroyed.
- And so that's the argument with Cowan and Kaufman
and all these other folks that the viruses,
these so-called viruses, so-called,
we don't even have to call them now,
they're actually there cleaning things up.
- Well, it's our maintenance system
which cleans up the viruses.
- Our maintenance system cleans up the virus.
- No matter what has caused the damage,
malnutrition or whatever sensitizes the tissue
and it starts falling apart, getting inflamed.
We produce antibodies actually as a repair process
for the damage.
- Okay.
- And anything that has caused the damage
will get caught up in the process
and taken out with the debris.
- Anything that have caused the damage
which could be chemicals or, I don't know,
stress or anything, right?
- Yeah, stress, malnutrition.
- Malnutrition, well.
Well, Dr. Peat, thanks for being here today.
It was fun having you, thanks a lot.
It's always an honor to talk to you
and well, we'll just see how we move on forward
with all this COVID thing and all the political stuff.
So you take care of yourself.
Again, if you'd like to get Dr. Peat's newsletter,
it's raypeats, that's plural, newsletter@gmail.com.
raypeatsnewsletter@gmail.com.
Again, Doc, thank you so much.
- Okay, thank you.
- Bye-bye.
Dr. Ray Peat, Patrick Timpone, oneradionetwork.com.
Okay, so we're just gonna kind of focus on the audio
but even that we had an issue with this morning
which is strange, you know?
You know, it's kind of a karmic thing
because we're just trying to understand
the whole video thing and what we can do
and if it's gonna be worth it or not.
I think Sharon and I are leaning more and more
towards the idea that the important thing
is to get the information and the words
and the right questions for these guests, for you,
so you can understand what's going on.
I can do that, I'm pretty good at it.
And that's more important than the video stuff.
And so we're just gonna kind of do it this way for a bit.
We can put the guest on video.
I'm just not gonna, you know, get him,
I don't even know what, if it even makes sense
for me anymore to get on video.
We don't even know where we can put these things.
Most places are so dysfunctional now,
they're just censoring and so we have our issues there
and they're just working that out.
So stay tuned, we're gonna have better and better people
all the time right here at One Radio Network.
People you're not gonna hear anywhere else,
anywhere else, well, maybe, kinda, sorta,
but good people and being presented
with the right questions that you are interested in hearing.
That's my job.
So I love you all very much, thank you.
You did great today.
Thanks for going through any kind of weird things
we had going on with the audio,
but the entire Ray Peed and Richard Massey show
will be on there as an audio podcast real soon,
sometime in a few hours later on today.
So please pass on these links to everyone
that you care about and we appreciate
your ongoing support, very important for us here
at One Radio Network.
So if you wanna buy some stuff for your health
and, you know, Sir Thrivill and hydrogen
and things like that, check it out.
And we think we have some of the best.
I just wanna give a little plug here before I go
because I just noticed I hadn't talked about it,
but this air purifier that I have
that called the Air Doctor, this is really cool, folks.
I mean, this is one of the best things I've ever,
it's just great.
It's about, let's see, it's a little bit bigger
than a tower computer, not much bigger, a little taller,
and it's very slim and sleek and well-built.
It's super quiet and you put it on automatic
and it just purifies everything in the house, right?
It just keeps moving air through there
and I don't care what it is.
So this is what's cool.
This thing is about, oh, 25 feet, I think,
or maybe 20 feet from my stove.
And you can cook something, just pretty much anything,
and you'll hear the little fan, since it's on auto,
just go up a notch or two
to get rid of whatever's coming out.
And especially if you do bacon
and you get a little smoky thing going in bacon,
man, this thing just kinda turns up
and it cleans up all the little smoke and all the whatever.
I mean, I like bacon smell, it's great.
And then it goes back down.
You just leave it on 24/7 on auto.
It's very easy to change out the filters
and it tells you when to do it
and you don't have to do it very often.
It's one of the coolest and just amazing little thing.
It gets rid of toxic ozone,
volatile organic chemicals, gases.
If you get kinda little things from the outside,
maybe you're sensitive to pollen or mold or whatever,
this is gonna clear things up.
And there could be things going on in your home
from outside that you just don't even know about.
And this could do the deed.
I think this whole deal I got, I bought a whole bunch.
I think I bought a year's worth of a whole box of filters
'cause they're cheaper when you buy 'em.
I think it was like 450 bucks or something
for the whole deal delivered.
It's called the Air Doctor.
I highly recommend it.
It's a beautiful little unit.
Just very pleased to have it around the house.
I sent one up to Sharon for Christmas and she loves it.
She said, "Man, this thing is really cool."
Yeah, it's great.
And if you're really having some health issues,
I would put that puppy right in your bedroom.
And maybe there is some mold going on.
Maybe, who knows?
I mean, we don't know, you know?
Who knows?
So this is cool.
It's called the Air Doctor and it's on oneradionetwork.com.
So if you've been looking or thinking about an air purifier,
check it out.
I think you'll find this one really, really great.
And we use all the different things that we promote.
So we're not gonna sell you any dumb stuff.
Just not gonna do it.
Very, very particular.
We know the source.
All right, kids, I love you all very much.
We'll see you tomorrow with Dr. Christopher Exley
on aluminum, num, num, num.
He's one of the foremost experts.
Happens at 10 o'clock tomorrow, central time.
We're starting at 10 pretty much every morning
and we'll stream things.
Judy Mikovitch as well, Dr. Gabriel Cousins,
German New Medicine next week with Dr. Jennifer Daniels.
A lot of cool people coming up.
I have a whole list of people that I wanna get on.
We'll stay on top of the whole political thing.
We're gonna stay on top of the whole COVID extravaganza.
You know, who knows, excuse me,
who knows what they're gonna do with this thing.
The last we've heard, President-elect Joe Biden,
if he's inaugurated on Wednesday,
and there are many people saying that he ain't gonna be,
but that's another story.
But if he is, that he's ready to roll out.
Green New Deal, but right away,
a masking, mandate masking for the whole country.
And so you just might wanna go to our new website.
It's called Just Say No to Joe.
No, I'm just kidding.
I tried to get that URL, Just Say No to Joe,
and they wanted $400 for it.
They're thinking ahead.
I thought it'd be fun to have
because I don't care what this guy says.
I'm not doing any of it.
Except pay my taxes.
That's it.
Otherwise, who cares?
And then also keep an eye on the whole gold and silver thing
because all this money,
all this money that they're talking about,
1.9 trillion, right, COVID relief bill
that they're gonna run through
because they have the Senate now,
they're gonna run it through probably the first week.
1.9 trillion, a very small amount of that
is gonna go to you.
They're gonna send you $1,500 to keep you quiet,
but I don't know where all the rest of the money's going.
You have to read the 5,000-page bill, which nobody does.
And all this money comes from
the expansion of the money supply.
That's the only place it comes from.
The government is over $30 trillion in debt.
There's no money.
They've got no money.
They create treasury bonds.
They borrow money from the Fed
or somebody else that's silly enough
to loan them money at 1% interest for 10 years,
which isn't even keeping up from inflation.
So the likelihood of gold and silver going up
in the next few years,
if Mr. Biden is in there in the globalist,
well, he won't be there.
It'll be Kamala because Sleepy Joe
will probably just go to sleep someday.
And Kamala will be Kamala.
She'll be running things and God knows,
Green New Deal, all this stuff, trillions of dollars.
So it all comes from the expansion of the money supply.
That's where it comes from, where it comes from.
And that's got to mean be bullish for gold and silver,
antiques, old cars, anything that's real,
some real estate, but you gotta be careful there.
But anything that's real with a limited amount of stuff.
That should go up in value
when you increase the money supply.
And they're gonna do it.
There's no way around it.
There's no option.
There's no doubt about it.
With all this socialist stuff they're gonna do,
you know they're gonna go to a universal basic income
when they can.
They're already raising the,
they wanna raise the minimum wage thing,
which is gonna drive more businesses out of business
'cause they can't do it,
which is another one of their goals
is to drive more businesses out of business.
They're gonna bring in 10 million illegal aliens
and make 'em citizens and they'll give them money
and they'll vote for them in the next four years from now.
These people are out of control.
They're socialists, they're communists,
they're New World Order people, they're globalists.
And this is what we're in store for
if Sleepy Joe is inaugurated on Wednesday.
So we're gonna have to get very creative,
batten the hatches, full steam ahead,
and we'll be here to help keep your eye on the ball
so you can navigate and thrive during the coming
tumultuous times with looks likes we're gonna get our share.
But we'll be fine.
Thank you for your ongoing support.
I love you all very much.
See you tomorrow at 10.
(upbeat music)
- [Announcer] We are listener supported.
One Radio Network.
(upbeat music)
[BLANK_AUDIO]